docs: Update composite action for Windows users (#29638)
github/docs: content/actions/creating-actions/creating-a-composite-action.md

> 1. In the `hello-world-composite-action` repository, create a new file called `goodbye.sh`, and add the following example code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the `hello-world-composite-action` repository, create a new file called `goodbye.sh` with example code:
```

   ```shell copy

>    echo "Goodbye" > goodbye.sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   echo "echo Goodbye" > goodbye.sh
```

   ```

1. From your terminal, make `goodbye.sh` executable.
   {% linux %}

   {% data reusables.actions.composite-actions-executable-linux-mac %}

   {% endlinux %}
   {% mac %}

   {% data reusables.actions.composite-actions-executable-linux-mac %}

   {% endmac %}
   {% windows %}

   ```shell copy

>    git add --chmod=+x -- goodbye.sh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   git add --chmod=+x -- goodbye.sh
```
